Added documentation for BSP_OS.h and fifo.h (#329)
lhr-solar/BPS: Docs/source/Software/Apps.rst

executing some other task so once the SPI transfer starts, the system should start waiting for this semaphore. 
Whenever the SPI transfer is complete, we must signal this semaphore so we need to have an ISR that calls the signal semaphore function whenever a transfer is complete. This ISR is in the BSP SPI module.

Fifo Header file: Chase Block
=============================

Purpose
    Many of our BSP packages use FIFO's to send and receive data. In the old version of the BPS, a FIFO
    was created in each package along with it's driver. This header file does all that so we have a 
    defined FIFO "class" in our library.

Usage

>     More detailed usage instructions are in lines 8-15 of this file. The function names for all of the FIFO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    More detailed usage instructions are in lines 8-15 of ``fifo.h``. The function names for all of the FIFO
```
